Revise desktop wallet docs (#243)
crypto-org-chain/chain-docs: docs/wallets/ledger_desktop_wallet.md

Fill up the request information: recipient address, amount to be sent and optional memo as needed:
            <img src="./assets/ledger_desktop_wallet/s4-1-2.png" />

- **Step 2** - Once you hit the "*Continue*" button, you can review the transaction details in the confirmation window on the desktop wallet. Proceed to the next step by clicking "*Confirm*":
            <img src="./assets/ledger_desktop_wallet/s4-2-1.png" />

> **Remark**: If you have not yet established a connection with your Ledger device, a notification will popup on the top-right hand corner, asking you to confirm connection with your Ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Remark**: If you have not yet established a connection with your Ledger device, a notification will pop up on the top-right hand corner, asking you to confirm the connection with your Ledger.
```
